## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- WebID and discovery discovery - Maxime's demo
- Nicolas - Devops / dev support
- Define next meeting date: 24.09.2024 4pm CET

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring
- @lecoqlibre
- @RachL

## Next meeting date

Garethe is no longer available on Monday's, so proposal is to shift to Tuesday's, same time.

## Typescript's connector testing strategy (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-typescript/issues/13)

Everyone is invited to have a look at Jamie's comment [here](https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-typescript/issues/13#issuecomment-2326843343) so we can close the issue next meeting.

## Data discovery (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

Garethe & Jamie will pair end of this week to get this kicked off.

## Nicolas - Devops/dev support
Prototype: Nicolas can help if a design is made (architecture, screens). A design would help to share the tasks with Simon.

DevOps: ShowVoc & VocBench should be updated and synced. Maybe some GitHub actions can be set up, especially to check that the generated files from VocBench are clean. Nicolas told Maxime he is also working on Python scripts to check automatically some files before they are pushed on Git (on the local machine).

Before confirming to Nicolas, we need to check how much budget is left on the FDC / DFC partnership

## WebID & discovery - Maxime's demo Semantizer an a React-Admin app (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)
RDF datasets have been implemented in the new Semantizer version (2) on the "dataset" branch. Semantizer is based on the RDFJS interfaces and use mixins. Users can define their own mixins very easily to add methods to manipulate their data.

The React-Admin app can list the catalogs of the producer. They are fetched from its WebId. We can see in the network console of the browser that the app is fetching my WebId, then the extended profile, then the enterprise and its extended profile where it finds links to the catalogs. On the interface of the app, we can see the list of catalogs of the producer. We can click on a catalog to see the contained catalog-items.

In the code it is really simple, we load the documents (datasets) in the order explained above. Mixin are very easy to define. It is just a mixin function in TS in which you define some methods you want to add to your dataset. You also have to export a factory to create and load instances of your mixin (an helper is available).
