## Agenda
- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) : we need to contribute to this discussion : https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
- Define next meeting date:

## Participants

- @RachL
- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet
- @jgaehring

