## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- NGI Search application
- UML Model Updates - is this process documented?
- Define next meeting date: 09.09.2024 4pm CET

**Reminders**

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @jgaehring
- @lecoqlibre
- @RachL

## Order's states documentation (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/16)

Maxime is going to add a second review to unblock Garethe. PR is here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/16.

## WebID and profile (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

Maxime did a demo that showed the usage of the Semantizer library to query and display the catalogs owned by a WebId (Person). This implementation follows the fisrt version of the client-to-client protocol.

## Data Capture ( https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24)

A sample / mockup or even just a document would help Jamie to understand how mixins will work in the typescript semantizer. Maxime gave a link to how it is implemented so far: https://github.com/assemblee-virtuelle/semantizer-typescript/blob/61c5ddbcde51fbc7469ac315169ac8b42a74d194/src/test/src/index.ts.
Garethe and Jamie will meet this week to unblock point 2, see https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24#issuecomment-2228639516.

## Refresh tokens (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/39)

Garethe will move forward on implementation.

## Global email address (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/36)

We agreed with Garethe's proposal of switching main address to hello@dfc-standard.org

## NGI Search application

Maxime worked on a proposal, but it must be submited before 5PM CET today and there are elements missing (team + ressources).

Maxime and Rachel will meet after the meeting to finalize.

## UML Model Updates (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/41)

This process is documented in the [connector-codegen repo](https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen).
Maxime is using Eclipse to visualize the UML. Garethe will try this out.
The following project can be used as an example to follow to work collaboratively on the development of an ontology: https://github.com/Wimmics/olivaw.



