## Agenda
- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- Where do we take our notes?
- Modularizing our ontology and version control
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) : we need to contribute to this discussion : https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
- Define next meeting date: 17.06.2024 4PM CET

## Participants

- @lecoplibre
- @RachL
- @RaggedStaff
- @simonLouvet

## Decision on note taking

Notes are still useful for:
- listing issues to create => for this we agreed to use draft issue mode
- publish / be transparent on which topic people talked
- track participants / progress
- future meeting dates: for this we agree to mimic https://github.com/orgs/solid/projects/16/views/1

Rachel will create a file for notes in the standard repository and create a view in the tech project to see next meeting dates. 

Currently notes are tracking decisions but not meetings minutes. Meeting minutes are usueful to understand why we do things, but need a lot of time / effort and are harder to read. We agreed to keep our current format (summary only), but need to be aware to document a lot more our decisions.

## Modularizing our ontology and version control

These topics are with ontology circle for now. First step is to define next version content: from there we need to check if we need a dedicated module and how we maitain versions.

This project was mentioned https://github.com/Wimmics/olivaw (an agile methodology to develop modular ontologies)

