## Agenda

- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- W3id
- Data Capture
- Pagination of endpoints
- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35  
- Define next meeting date: 29.07.2024 4 PM CET

## Participants

- @RachL
- @RaggedStaff
- @jgaehring
- @simonLouvet

## Documenting order states (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/16)

This is the first step towards more pratical documentation for platforms who wishes to implement the standard. This isn't the standard (as the DFC states are documented as a SKOS vocabulary). This is only intended to go on gitbook.
We need a second validation on the linked PR to be able to merge this work.

## New OVH account (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/33)

This isn't closed as we need to find a way to share the password. We have not decided during the meeting, this is still open for action / decision.

New email address is up and running, therefore we are closing https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/34 and created a new issue for the second email (which we will do only if needed).

## Data capture

Update here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/issues/24#issuecomment-2228639516 Garethe will try to unblock point 2

## W3id (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/18)

This is not possible has planned, and Simon won't have the time to setup and maintain a dedicated server in the short term. Garethe is proposing again the following strategy:
- 1 branch per version number
- through github pages

It's not as clear as releases and it has the downside of creating many branches / which can look messy. An archiving strategy might be needed.

Action for Garethe: check with Maxime if there were any other downside, otherwise both Simon and Garethe agree they can live with this solution.

## Pagination of endpoints

This will need to be added to the standard but there is no budget to work on this currently (it does not only need documentation but also work on the serializer). UK team will follow Shopify's GraphQL-based pagination strategy to unblock the pilot project.

## Modularizing our ontology and version control + release strategy

These topics were not discuss but only reminded.
