## Agenda
- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- Beckn protocol
- Data Capture
- W3id
- WebID
- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) : we need to contribute to this discussion : https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
- Define next meeting date: 01.07.2024 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RachL
- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @jgaehring

## Beckn protocol

This protocol is widely used in India (backed by the Indian government). We don't know if we can easily integrate with it. Benoit from Startin'blox is going to do a first analysis. 
Once this is done, we will define the next steps. For now, this is recorded in a draft issue here: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1?pane=issue&itemId=67692136
Useful links: 
- https://becknprotocol.io/
- https://github.com/beckn
- https://developers.becknprotocol.io/docs/introduction/the-registry-infrastructure/

## Data Capture

This is funded by FFSC on a separate budget. Issue to track progress is here: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/.github/issues/36

## W3id (issue 18)

Garethe didn't have a chance yet to test with his Apache server, which he needs to set up first. If this isn't working, Garethe will ask Simon if he has a server available to test.

## WebID (issue 10)

Maxime has already spend 2 days on this (which was the budget allocated so far). To go from the current draft version in the issue to implmentation in the standard, the task is quite massive as introducing WebID is impacting the standard everywhere. 
The standard needs to be reorganized and especially be more pratical for platforms (with real use cases).

Maxime has started working on the standard v2 here: https://datafoodconsortium.gitbook.io/dfc-standard-v2/client-protocols/enterprisehttps://datafoodconsortium.gitbook.io/dfc-standard-v2/client-protocols/enterprise

We agreed the next step is for Garethe to use part of his budget for documentation to document use cases in different branch Maxime is working on. This way, everyone will work with the same use cases.
In parallel, we need to find budget to continue work on v2 / WebID implementation. Maxime might continue working anyway as he needs this for his own platform, Mycelium.

## Modularizing ontology and version control

This topic has not progressed in ontology circle yet
