## Agenda
- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/
- Semantizer / streams
- Data capture
- Connector codegen PR's
- Hacktoberfest?
- Define next meeting date: 08.10.2024 4pm CET

## Reminders

- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) - we need to contribute to this discussion: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35

## Participants

- @RaggedStaff
- @jgaehring
- @lecoqlibre
- @RachL

## Connector codegen PR's and Data capture 

Two PR need review and were added to the board by Garethe:

https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/pull/20 and https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/connector-codegen/pull/23

These PR are based on the old and unstable version of the semantizer. A new version of the semantizer will be released at the end of September.
We could base all current work on it but that would mean that platforms would need to update their version, which does not work with FDC roadmap which needs data capture to work in production before the end of the year.

Rachel will create an issue to track this
Maxime will list everything that might change / breck things to understand how big the changes are.

Here are some notes I copy/pasted from the pad please edit if unrelevant:

Relevant part of the TypeScript codegen implementation (pending merge of PR #20) where the call to semantizer's `.export()` method will be wrapped with the Data Capture logic that calls `.export()` again with the new destination:

https://github.com/jgaehring/connector-codegen/blob/2c8507af85919862669ef8a989bb2679f553dc78/src/org/datafoodconsortium/connector/codegen/typescript/static/src/Connector.ts#L182-L188

That "wrapper" can be moved lower down the stack to the internals of the semantizer 2.0 once it is released and ready.

## Hacktoberfest

We are not ready to participate this year (no good first issue to welcome contirbutors with / no time to review code). But we need to keep it in mind for next year. More info on the event: https://hacktoberfest.com/ 

## Using streams in Semantizer

There is pending question from Maxime on what streams implementation to use. If we use the one from Node, we'll need a blundler to export browser packages. Otherwise we can use packages from npm but this would add an extra dependancy when using the library in a Node environment.

Also the Stream interface in @rdfjs/types does not include a pipe method which is required in Semantizer.
