## Agenda
- Review Actions from last meeting see also https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/projects/5/views/1
- Beckn protocol
- W3id
- Modularizing our ontology and version control: update from the ontology circle
- WebID
- New domain name and OVH account for the international org
- Data Capture
- Releases: Do we want a release schedule (e.g. 1 major per year, 1 minor per month) : we need to contribute to this discussion : https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
- Shipping option - Simon
- Define next meeting date: 15.07.2024 4PM CET

## Participants

- @RachL
- @RaggedStaff
- @lecoqlibre
- @jgaehring
- @simonLouvet

## Beckn protocol

Garethe might ping Benoit from Startin' blox to see where they are at

## W3id  (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/18)

Garethe has ordered a new service at infomaniak and will test this on an apache server soon

## Htaccess rules / Modularizing ontology and version control

It looks like, for maintenance purposes, we need to have URL access for all releases, not only the latest one.

We also agree to only put version number on context files, not on all files.

Ontology releases vs taxonomies releases: we need to introduce some kind of dependency system between the two. E.g. we introduced new taxonomies, so this is a breaking change. 
Our release notes will need to reflect the link between the two versioning system.

⚠️Github is doing a redirect on /latest, this means we need to test this behavior: https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/32

Modularizing: this topic has not progressed in ontology circle yet

## New domain names and OVH account for the international org

As a reminder, we are taking a new domain to avoid using the FR org domain, and we don't brainstorm about a real new name yet, see https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/20

Tasks to perform:
- Create a new OVH account and give access to international admins https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/33
- Create a dfc-standard.org domain name https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/34
- Move the VocBench and ShowVoc instances on the international OVH account (easier for accounting purposes to have all paid server on the same hosting account https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/35

## Data Capture (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/.github/issues/36)

Jamie will do an update next time

## WebID (https://github.com/datafoodconsortium/standard/issues/10)

Maxime is still working on it. He works at the same time on the new connector/semantizer to test the new standard version. Plan is to make a demo that displays the catalogs of the passed in user, enterprise or platform WebId.

## Releases and Shipping option

We did not have time for these topics: Simon and Garethe will solve shipping option async see https://datafoodconsortium.slack.com/archives/C020KLNTDF0/p1719489678423519

For releases, this was more a reminder that everyone should contribute here: https://github.com/orgs/datafoodconsortium/discussions/35
